README.md, before:

# Wordle Rx

## Table of Contents

- [Wordle Rx](#wordle-rx)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Description](#description)
    - [Display](#display)
      - [GUI](#gui)
    - [Folder structure](#folder-structure)
    - [Programming language(s)](#programming-languages)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Invokation](#invokation)
    - [Operation](#operation)
  - [Contributions](#contributions)

## Description

This program allows for playing the popular [Wordle](https://www.nytimes.com/games/wordle/index.html) game where the answers (repeated weekly) are seven common medical/pharmacy terms for National Pharmacy Week!  
Start date: August 23, 2022  
Current version: 1.0.0  

### Display

#### GUI

![The main game display on startup](Picture1.png)

### Folder structure

| Tree with Root Having Local Path | Generation Method | Description |
| -------------------------------- | ----------------- | ----------- |
| <https://github.com/anderjef/Wordle-Rx> | auto-generated by Processing | <!-- --> |

### Programming language(s)

- p5.js (JavaScript)
  - [sketch.js](sketch.js)&mdash;main program entrance containing all pertinent code

## Installation

1. p5.js Web Editor
    - Go to <https://editor.p5js.org/> and open a new sketch.
    - Either create the directory structure as seen under the root folder <https://github.com/anderjef/Wordle-Rx> then copy the content of each file to the respectively named file in the new sketch, or delete the starter index.html and sketch.js then download [ZIP](https://github.com/anderjef/Wordle-Rx/archive/main.zip) then upload the (JavaScript, CSS, and HTML) files from the root folder.

## Usage

### Invokation

1. Method 1&mdash;p5.js in web browser
    - Open <https://anderjef.github.io/Wordle-Rx/>.
2. Method 2&mdash;p5.js Web Editor
    - See [Installation](#installation).

### Operation

Type letters or use the provided on-screen keyboard to append to the current guess, use backspace to correct errors, and press enter or return to submit a guess, looking to match the answer. Hints are provided for submitted guesses where green indicates a letter found in the correct location as the answer while yellow indicates a matching letter in the solution that is found at a different position in the word. Share your game by having it copied to the device's clipboard.

## Contributions

- Jeffrey Andersen&mdash;developer
- <https://www.nytimes.com/games/wordle/index.html>&mdash;inspiration
- <https://www.quordle.com/>&mdash;inspiration
- <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tabatkins/wordle-list/main/words>&mdash;valid words.txt
- <https://www.codegrepper.com/code-examples/html/p5.js+copy+value+to+clipboard>&mdash;writing to clipboard
- <https://werxltd.com/wp/2010/05/13/javascript-implementation-of-javas-string-hashcode-method/>&mdash;generating a hash from a string

Commit message:

Enlarge canvas down to toward the top of the on-screen keyboard if window's aspect ratio allows for it (very narrow), enlarge on-screen keyboard up to bottom of canvas if window's aspect ratio allows for it (narrower than width but not very narrow), reduce file size by condensing on-screen keyboard buttons' initialization with iteration, enlarge game area (squares and any guess information) to better fill an elongated (narrow) enough canvas, set fully complete game's reset point to the beginning of the month of October if that is between one and thirty-two days in the future, improve appearance particularly for very small displays, and add gif of latest responsive-web improvements

README.md, after:

# Wordle Rx

## Table of Contents

- [Wordle Rx](#wordle-rx)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Description](#description)
    - [Display](#display)
      - [GUI](#gui)
    - [Folder structure](#folder-structure)
    - [Programming language(s)](#programming-languages)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Invokation](#invokation)
    - [Operation](#operation)
  - [Contributions](#contributions)

## Description

This program allows for playing the popular [Wordle](https://www.nytimes.com/games/wordle/index.html) game where the answers (repeated weekly) are seven common medical/pharmacy terms for National Pharmacy Week!  
Start date: August 23, 2022  
Current version: 1.0.0  

### Display

#### GUI

![The main game display responding to a sequence of varied window dimensions](Picture1.gif)

The black is the provided display area.

### Folder structure

| Tree with Root Having Local Path | Generation Method | Description |
| -------------------------------- | ----------------- | ----------- |
| <https://github.com/anderjef/Wordle-Rx> | auto-generated by Processing | <!-- --> |

### Programming language(s)

- p5.js (JavaScript)
  - [sketch.js](sketch.js)&mdash;main program entrance containing all pertinent code

## Installation

1. p5.js Web Editor
    - Go to <https://editor.p5js.org/> and open a new sketch.
    - Either create the directory structure as seen under the root folder <https://github.com/anderjef/Wordle-Rx> then copy the content of each file to the respectively named file in the new sketch, or delete the starter index.html and sketch.js then download [ZIP](https://github.com/anderjef/Wordle-Rx/archive/main.zip) then upload the (JavaScript, CSS, and HTML) files from the root folder.

## Usage

### Invokation

1. Method 1&mdash;p5.js in web browser
    - Open <https://anderjef.github.io/Wordle-Rx/>.
2. Method 2&mdash;p5.js Web Editor
    - See [Installation](#installation).

### Operation

Type letters or use the provided on-screen keyboard to append to the current guess, use backspace to correct errors, and press enter or return to submit a guess, looking to match the answer. Hints are provided for submitted guesses where green indicates a letter found in the correct location as the answer while yellow indicates a matching letter in the solution that is found at a different position in the word. Share your game by having it copied to the device's clipboard.

## Contributions

- Jeffrey Andersen&mdash;developer
- <https://www.nytimes.com/games/wordle/index.html>&mdash;inspiration
- <https://www.quordle.com/>&mdash;inspiration
- <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tabatkins/wordle-list/main/words>&mdash;valid words.txt
- <https://www.codegrepper.com/code-examples/html/p5.js+copy+value+to+clipboard>&mdash;writing to clipboard
- <https://werxltd.com/wp/2010/05/13/javascript-implementation-of-javas-string-hashcode-method/>&mdash;generating a hash from a string
